Fixes for upgrade documentation (#351)
logicalclocks/feature-store-api: docs/hopsworksai/aws/restrictive_permissions.md

      "Resource": "arn:aws:ssm:*:*:parameter/AmazonCloudWatch-*"
    }
```
### Upgrade permissions 

#### Removing upgrade permissions

> If you do not intend to upgrade your cluster to newer versions of Hopsworks, then you can remove the upgrade permissions statement from your instance profile that you have created [here](../getting_started/#step-2-creating-instance-profile). For this remove the following statement from your instance profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not intend to upgrade your cluster to newer versions of Hopsworks, then you can remove the upgrade permissions statement from the instance profile that you have created [here](../getting_started/#step-2-creating-instance-profile). For this remove the following statement from your instance profile
```

```json
    {
      "Sid": "UpgradePermissions",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [
        "ec2:DescribeVolumes",
        "ec2:DetachVolume",
        "ec2:AttachVolume",
        "ec2:ModifyInstanceAttribute"
      ],
      "Resource": "*"
    }
```

#### Limiting upgrade permissions

> You can restrict the upgrade permissions given to your cluster using the [tags that you have attached to your cluster](../cluster_creation/#step-13-add-tags-to-your-instances). To do that, you need to replace the upgrade permissions with the following policy instead. First you need to replace *REGION* and *ACCOUNT* with your region and account where you run your cluster, then replace *HEAD_NODE_INSTANCE_ID* with your aws instance id of the head node and *HEAD_NODE_VOLUME_ID* with the volume id attached to the head node, and finally replace the *TAG_KEY* and *TAG_VALUE* with your the tag name and value that is used with your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use tags to restrict the upgrade permissions to only the resources created for your cluster. For this [attach a tag to your cluster during the cluster creation](../cluster_creation/#step-13-add-tags-to-your-instances). Then, replace the upgrade permissions with the following policy instead. First you need to replace *REGION* and *ACCOUNT* with your region and account where you run your cluster, then replace *HEAD_NODE_INSTANCE_ID* with your aws instance id of the head node and *HEAD_NODE_VOLUME_ID* with the volume id attached to the head node, and finally replace the *TAG_KEY* and *TAG_VALUE* with your the tag name and value that is used with your cluster.
```
